When he was given a problem while standing, Johnny at one stage would
dance from foot to foot. Although this practice caused some spills at
his crowded cocktail parties, it forms one of the first stories half
against him: his reaction to the fly puzzle. Two cyclists are 20 miles
apart and head toward each other at 10 miles per hour each. At the same
time a fly traveling at a steady 15 miles per hour starts from the front
wheel of the northbound bicycle. It lands on the front wheel of the
southbound bicycle, and then instantly turns around and flies back, and
after next landing instantly flies north again. Question: What total
distance did the fly cover before it was crushed between the two front
wheels?

The slow way of answering is to calculate the distance that the fly
travels on its first trip to the southbound front wheel, then the
distance it travels on its next trip to the northbound wheel, and
finally to sum the infinite series so obtained. It is extraordinary how
many mathematicians can be fooled into doing that long sum. The short
way is to note that the bicycles will meet exactly one hour after
starting, by which time the 15-miles-per-hour fly must have covered 15
miles. When the question was put to Johnny, he danced and answered
immediately, "15 miles". "Oh, you've heard the trick before," said
the disappointed questioner. "What trick?" asked the puzzled Johnny.
"I simply summed the infinite series." 

It is worth adding that, when ribbed on this later, Johnny said "the 
figures actually put to me were not so simple."
